you
hi today I'm going to be unboxing the 2
4 7 0 a VAW I'm going to go ahead and
open the box and show you exactly what
to expect if you decide to purchase this
camera from us in the future this camera
comes with the user manual the camera
and a bag of 4 screws this camera is the
same as the 2 4 7 0 AV a the only
difference is the color you'll notice
that this one is the 2 4 7 0 AV aw the
white one and this is the 2 4 7 0 AV a
both of these cameras are a vandal proof
dome style camera they are rated for
indoor and outdoor use and they are 700
TVLine resolution cameras they both have
two point eight to twelve millimeter
lenses which means that you're going to
get a 90 degree viewing angle at 2.8
you're going to get a 35 degree viewing
angle at 12 millimeters both of these
cameras also have 36 infrared LEDs so
you're going to get up to about 130 feet
of night vision and both of these
cameras also have OSDs you'll see here
on the cable this means that you're
going to get special features such as
wdr DNR and shuddery Control so forth
and so on
you'll also notice that on the cable
there is a female BNC connection and a
standard DC 12 volt connection
I hope this video helped thank you for
watching this camera has a three axis
bracket which means that you're going to
be able to swivel and move the camera
around basically to whatever direction
you need to be looking I'm going to show
you now how to install and adjust this
camera so the direction that you need to
be looking so this installation is
actually very simple to install this
camera you're going to need to loosen
the center ring around the camera until
the bracket comes off completely you'll
see here that the bracket has four holes
that need to be screwed to either a
ceiling or a wall once you've got this
in place you can then run the cable back
through the bracket which is another
feature of this camera that allows it to
be a vandal proof camera you can then
adjust the camera to swivel up-down
left-right
and just about any direction you need to
once you've got it in place make sure
that the second piece is fitted to where
the lens is facing and screw your
bracket back on
after you've done this the kitten the
camera is zoomed and focused your
installation is complete as stated
before this camera is a varifocal camera
which means you're going to be able to
zoom and focus this camera in the
direction that you want to be facing I'm
going to show you now how to zoom and
focus this camera you'll see on the left
hand side there is a zoom there is a
flat-blade screw inside of it that you
will use a flat blade screwdriver to
adjust you simply turn it left or right
depending on if you want to zoom in or
out once you've got that in place and
you have this camera hooked up to a
monitor or a CCTV tester you are then
going to adjust the focus to get it just
right for your viewing once you've done
that the kit in the camera is in place
you've completed your installation here
is a video sample taken from the camera
of one of our warehouses we're going to
quickly scroll through the OSD so you
can get an idea of what kind of features
are going to come with this camera we
have a lens setting shutter and auto
gain control white balance backlight
picture adjust adaptive tone reduction
motion detection we have a privacy
setting day and night noise reduction
camera ID language and a reset button
this OSD is controlled with the joystick
that is not weatherproof or waterproof
which means that the joystick will have
to be installed in a weather tight area
here is a night-vision sample from this
camera in complete darkness
here's another shot taken from this
camera outside we're going to go ahead
and zoom in this camera because it has a
two-point eight to twelve millimeter
lens as you can see at 2.8 millimeters
you're going to get a 90 degree view
angle
at 12 millimeters you're going to eat a
23 degree view angle
you